refactor: use transactionDescriptor instead of requestKey (#733)
kadena-community/kadena.js: packages/libs/client/README.md

## Send a request to the blockchain

The `@kadena/client` provides a `createClient` function with some utility
functions. this helpers calls pact api under the hood [Pactjs API][34].

- `submit`
- `pollStatus`
- `getStatus`
- `pollSpv`
- `getSpv`
- `local`,
- `preflight`
- `dirtyRead`
- `signatureVerification`

`createClient` accepts the host url or the host url generator function that

> handel url generating as pact is a multi chian network we need to change the url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handles url generating as pact is a multi chain network we need to change the url
```

Sentence is long, hard to read.
